Docs for the audit logfile structured format (#34584)
elastic/elasticsearch: x-pack/docs/en/security/auditing/output-logfile.asciidoc

=== Logfile audit output

The `logfile` audit output is the default output for auditing. It writes data to
the `<clustername>_audit.log` file in the logs directory. To maintain
compatibility with releases prior to 6.5.0, another file `<clustername>_access.log`

> is also generated next to it. They differ in the output format but the contents

Reviewer: Not a big deal, but I suggest changing this to:
"...release prior to 6.5.0, a `<clustername>_access.log` file is also generated."

> are similar. For systems that had not automatically ingesting the audit file

Reviewer 2: s/systems that had not automatically ingesting/systems that are not ingesting

analytics it is strongly recommended to only keep the newer format.
Turning off the deprecated output format can be achieved by disabling the logger
in the `log4j2.properties` file in `ES_PATH_CONF` (hint: there is a config comment

> about it).

Reviewer: I would suggest adding a link to https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/master/logging.html#configuring-logging-levels here too

[float]
[[audit-log-entry-format]]
=== Log entry format

> This is describing the format for log entries as they are appended to the

Reviewer: I'd change this introductory sentence as follows:

"The log entries in the `<clustername>_audit.log` file have the following format:"

new `<clustername>_audit.log` file.

- Each log entry is a one line JSON document and each one is printed on a separate line.
- The fields of a log entry are ordered. However, if a field does not have a value it
  will not be printed. The precise line pattern, together with the complete field
  order, are specified in the `log4j2.properties` config file.
- The log entry does not contain nested inner JSON objects, i.e. the doc is flat.
- The field names follow a dotted notation to flatten inner objects.
- A field's value can be a string, a number or an array of strings.
- A field's value, a request body as well, will be escaped as per the JSON RFC 4627.

There is a list of <<audit-event-types, audit event types>> specifying the
set of fields for each sog entry type.

[float]
[[deprecated-audit-log-entry-format]]
=== Deprecated log entry format

> This is the format for a log entries as appended to `<clustername>_access.log`:

Reviewer: Likewise, I'd change this introductory sentence as follows:
"The log entries in the `<clustername>_access.log` file have the following format:"

=== Logfile audit output

The `logfile` audit output is the default output for auditing. It writes data to
the `<clustername>_audit.log` file in the logs directory. To maintain
compatibility with releases prior to 6.5.0, a `<clustername>_access.log` file
is also generated. They differ in the output format but the contents
are similar. For systems that are not ingesting the audit file for search or
analytics it is strongly recommended to only keep the newer format.
Turning off the deprecated output format can be achieved by disabling the logger
in the `log4j2.properties` file (hint: there is a config comment
about it).
For more information, see {ref}/logging.html#configuring-logging-levels[configuring-logging].

[float]
[[audit-log-entry-format]]
=== Log entry format

> This is describing the format for log entries as they are appended to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The log entries in the `<clustername>_audit.log` file 
```

> new `<clustername>_audit.log` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
have the following format:
```

- Each log entry is a one line JSON document and each one is printed on a separate line.
- The fields of a log entry are ordered. However, if a field does not have a value it
  will not be printed. The precise line pattern, together with the complete field
  order, are specified in the `log4j2.properties` config file.
- The log entry does not contain nested inner JSON objects, i.e. the doc is flat.
- The field names follow a dotted notation to flatten inner objects.
- A field's value can be a string, a number or an array of strings.
- A field's value, a request body as well, will be escaped as per the JSON RFC 4627.

There is a list of <<audit-event-types, audit event types>> specifying the
set of fields for each sog entry type.

[float]
[[deprecated-audit-log-entry-format]]
=== Deprecated log entry format

> This is the format for a log entries as appended to `<clustername>_access.log`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The log entries in the `<clustername>_access.log` file have the following format:
```
